Replace Serverless API to Platform announcement on README page (#4003)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: README.md

The `unstructured` library provides open-source components for ingesting and pre-processing images and text documents, such as PDFs, HTML, Word docs, and [many more](https://docs.unstructured.io/open-source/core-functionality/partitioning). The use cases of `unstructured` revolve around streamlining and optimizing the data processing workflow for LLMs. `unstructured` modular functions and connectors form a cohesive system that simplifies data ingestion and pre-processing, making it adaptable to different platforms and efficient in transforming unstructured data into structured outputs.

## Try the Unstructured Platform Product

> Ready to move your data processing pipeline to production, and take advantage of advanced features? Check out [Unstructured Platform](https://unstructured.io/enterprise). In addition to better processing performance, take advantage of chunking, embedding, and image and table enrichments, all from a low code UI or an API. [Request a demo](https://unstructured.io/contact) from our sales team to learn more about how to get started.

Reviewer: parallel structure:
```suggestion
Ready to move your data processing pipeline to production, and take advantage of advanced features? Check out [Unstructured Platform](https://unstructured.io/enterprise). In addition to better processing performance, take advantage of chunking, embedding, and image and table enrichment generation, all from a low code UI or an API. [Request a demo](https://unstructured.io/contact) from our sales team to learn more about how to get started.
```

> Ready to move your data processing pipeline to production, and take advantage of advanced features?  Check out [Unstructured Platform](https://unstructured.io/enterprise). In addition to better processing performance, take advantage of chunking, embedding, and image and table enrichments, all from a low code UI or an API.  [Request a demo](https://unstructured.io/contact) from our sales team to learn more about how to get started.

Reviewer: @ron-unstructured this is correct ^. commit it?
